raghida is one of the popular varieties
of those say which you will see in
karnataka i will be showing you how to
make craggy Doce as we know Wragge is a
excellent source of calcium and iron its
phytochemicals slows down the digestion
and helping with diabetes by controlling
the blood sugar level it also has a lot
of amino acids which helps in muscle
repair and hole formation and the repair
of body tissues it's high level of
niacin which increases the HDL while
lowering the title states
two cups of Raja floor half table spoon
of fenugreek seeds are methi seeds we
have half cup urad dal 1 tsp salt and
around 4 cups of water first we have to
wash this fenugreek seeds and Oregon and
soak it in now 1 and 1/2 cups of water I
have this soft or Adal and vinegar exits
soap for 4 to 5 hours if you have a
horrid flora third floor you can
substitute this with the or a third
floor
first I am going to grind this our Adal
and fenugreek seeds to a fine paste and
I am pouring that term soap water also
now this I were a girl mix has become to
the right consistency you have to grind
it to a fine paste now I am transferring
it to this bowl rhaggy flow to the mixer
I am adding 2 cups of water blending it
with the water now this radical is well
mixed with water I am mixing this
witness good at that so now I mix this
Wragge and water with this is the batter
so mix it really well and I am adding
this salt I want to mix both the energy
floor and wouldn't
our Wragge those a battery's ready but
it has to get fermented keep this
overnight or even five to six hours of
inventing is okay I have this garage
floor which is fermented overnight I am
going to show you how to make and do
some turn on the heat for the medium
height and let this iron skillet keep it
heated for some time also grease this
skillet now the skillet is hot enough to
check that just make some water you have
the other 15 some now reduce the heat to
medium take a little of Wragge batter
and put it in the center and it's
absolutely so in the center
I'll tell it will become little bit of
oil or ghee on the top and cover it with
a lid let it cook nowadays around like
45 seconds are this those days then you
can see that bottom is kind of crispy to
take this out and transferring it onto a
plate repeat the same procedure for the
ad that our boss is too
our Wragge loss a batter is ready let it
ferment for some time una dos a is ready
now you can eat it with chutney powder
or chutney we hope you enjoy this